# Description of Task Files for “Speer-etal-natcomm2021”  
### Used in publication: 
Speer, M. E., Ibrahim, S., Schiller, D., & Delgado, M. R. (2021). Finding positive meaning in memories of negative events adaptively updates memory. *Nature Communications, 12(1)*, 6601. [https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-021-26906-4](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-021-26906-4)  
    - Mention of experiments 1-4 below indicates experiments 1-4 as described in this publication.  
    - Additional files (experiment data and analysis scripts) at https://osf.io/jtgfk/overview   

### Important Filenames:  

*MemEmo6\_Questionnaires.es2* – e-prime file used to administer questionnaires as described in Speer et al (2021).  

*PositiveMeaning\_AMQ.xlsx* - excel spreadsheet, 68 Event prompts – used to prompt subjects to describe, generate a key phrase, and rate a negative autobiographical memory. Used in Experiments 3 & 4. A subset of these 68 event prompts was used for Experiments 1 & 2.  

*MemEmo6\_Day2\_Recall.es2* -  e-prime file used to conduct initial recall procedure (Experiment 4)  

*MemEmo6\_Day2\_Elab.es2* – e-prime file used for elaboration procedure (Experiment 4). “…ElabA” and “…ElabB” present elaboration/recall trials in distinct orders.  

*MemEmo6\_Day3\_Recall.es2* – e-prime file used for post-elaboration recall procedures (Experiment 4)  

*MemEmofMRI\_Day4\_Recall.es2* – e-prime files used for follow-up recall procedures (Experiment 4)

### File Descriptions and Notes  
**MemEmo6\_Questionnaires.es2**: see questionnaire citations in Speer et al (2021). Participants make responses by pressing “1” to move the selection box to the left, “3” to move it to the right, and “2” to select a response.  

**PositiveMeaning\_AMQ.xlsx:**   
For each row, subjects use the “Event” listed to think of a negative autobiographical memory, then in the same row enter a brief description, key phrase, and ratings for the memory. Subjects only complete rows for events that prompt a specific negative memory for them. The generated key phrases are then used for subsequent procedures.  

**MemEmo6\_Day2\_Recall.es2, MemEmo6\_Day2\_Elab.es2, MemEmo6\_Day3\_Recall.es2, MemEmofMRI\_Day4\_Recall.es2:**  
See Speer et al (2021) Method section Experiment 4 for design and timing information.  

*Usage:* Each e-prime file has a list titled “EventList” (or in the Elaboration procedure “EventControl” and “EventElab”). Key phrases generated by individual subjects (in “PositiveMeaning_AMQ.xlsx “) can be entered into these lists to generate e-prime run files specific to each subject. Responses (left/right selection box) require participants to press “1” to move the selection box to the left, “3” to move it to the right, and “2” to select a response. To edit the accepted responses, researchers must edit the response slide allowable responses as well as the code components that control the selection box movement in each procedure (named “Init1/2/3” and “AdjustScale1/2/3”).

